hello youtubers Oh grandad what do you
think you've got home well I been
thinking how annoyed I am and I i have
my radio station on all day long simply
because living alone is another voice in
the house if you like and it is company
and I favor listening to radio to BBC
Radio 2 which of course will mean
nothing to people outside of the UK but
it's a year what I'd call a
middle-of-the-road type of our station
with presenters every couple of hours
and they play popular songs and they
always they always give attention to the
latest releases and there's discussions
and news items and and things like that
and of course I don't sit there all day
long listening just listening to that
it's on in the background and i pricked
my years of when something interests me
a song or a news item or or a discussion
with somebody interesting and well I
find it enjoyable but we had one
presenter who I and millions of other
people really liked of course and that
was Terry Wogan and he retired and his
place has been taken by well god I can't
even remember his name I'm trying to
delete it from my memory Chris somebody
or other who who previously had been on
radio 1 and he is terrible um and I
think the final straw came the other day
when he talked all over Nell Bryden now
Nell Bryden is somebody I particularly
liked and he played about five or ten
seconds before he they're not the volume
to do his own sort of
act for whatever it was and he is ruined
my morning and I think I've now got to
change my lifestyle and because in the
healer late evenings sometime between
11pm and 3am there are really wonderful
presenters on this Janice long and Bob
Harris and they they talk about the
music and they play the music and it's
wonderful so I guess I've got to start
going to bed at 3am and getting up
sometime after nine thirty when this
when this bloke is there or otherwise I
will just be shouting at the radio all
the time so I guess that's just my
little grumble if you like but certainly
ruined my listening and possibly that of
many others I do think maybe the BBC is
dumbing down and maybe everything is
aimed at youth now I I don't really know
about them anyway so that's it and i'll
try to be in a brighter mood next time
but until then as always of course
goodbye